Never mistake good manners for good will.
COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods.
Do not put statements in the negative form. 
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
This reporter said to me, he said how would you describe the absence of Haley’s flaming meteorite? I said no comet
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Karaoke is Japanese for "tone deaf". 
Freedom is for everyone. Or no one.
You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.
In doing good, avoid notoriety. In doing evil, avoid self-awareness.
I bought some Armageddon cheese today, and it said on the packet ‘Best Before End…’
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem. 
The opera ain't over 'til the fat lady sings.
90% of everything is crud.
If someone with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is it considered a hostage situation? 
Lord save me from your followers. 
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
This bloke said ‘I’m going to chop off the bottom of your trouser leg and put it in a library’ I thought ‘That’s a turn-up for the books’
If you cannot understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
The rat race is over. The rats won.
Rabbits dance at the funeral of the lion.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
The last thing I want to do is insult you. But it IS on the list. 
Is Marx's tomb a communist plot? 
My wild oats have turned to shredded wheat! 
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes. 
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn’t listen.
Learn sign language, it’s very handy.
He who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed.
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom is.
I used to like my neighbors, until they put a password on their Wi-Fi.
Forgive and forget, but keep a list of names just in case. 
There's no intelligent life down here.
"If the shoe fits, buy it." - Imelda Marcos 
The best way to attract money is to give the appearance of having it.
Ask to see my tattoo of a rose, but don't ask outside. I'm constantly bothered by bees.
I intend to live forever - so far so good. 
Even Mason and Dixon had to draw the line somewhere.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
If your feet smell and your nose runs, you're built upside down. 
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies. 
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name? 
When there is no danger in fighting, there is no glory in winning.
Roughing it is television without cable.
In the long run, we are all dead.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
If #2 pencils are the most popular, are they still #2? 
You have the capacity to learn from your mistakes, and you will learn a lot today. 
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer. 
Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
Don't be so humble...you aren't that great.
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice. 
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms. 
The more I C, the less I see.
Live every day as though it were your last. One day, you'll be right.
A Smith & Wesson always beats four aces.
New systems generate new problems.
I had a dream last night that I was cutting carrots with the Grim Reaper… dicing with death!
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
You only go around once, and there's not enough gusto for everyone.
I was at sea the other day and loads of meat floated past; it was a bit choppy
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research. 
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
Daddy, why doesn't this magnet pick up this floppy disk? 
If you're cross-eyed and have dyslexia, can you see perfectly? 
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it. 
The colder the x-ray table, the more of your body is required on it. 
Inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
I’ll tell you what makes my blood boil; crematoriums
So I met a gangster who pulls up the back of people’s pants. It was Weggie Kray
Oh Lord, give me patience, and GIVE IT TO ME NOW! 
If evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve. 
If a man stands in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him, is he still wrong? 
Time is a great healer, but a terrible beautician. 
Never, ever trust anyone under 30 or over 25.
You’re not fat, you’re just… easier to see.
If Ruby is not and Perl is the answer, you don’t understand the question.
Why can’t a bike stand on its own? It’s two tired.
Conjunctivitis.com – that’s a site for sore eyes
Which one of these is the non-smoking lifeboat? 
If it's not in the computer, then it doesn't exist.
Black holes are outa sight!
My next door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he’s a catholic converter
Small things entertain small minds.
Two rights do not make a wrong, they make an airplane. 
Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your mouth is moving. 
Why is there always so much month left at the end of the money ?
Police Station toilet stolen: cops have nothing to go on. 
It's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it.
Them that has, gets.
Failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied.
To a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden.
When there's a will, I want to be in it. 
I was happier than a kitten with a Q-tip. 
Don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others. 
It is the manner, and not the content, that marks a gentleman.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
My hockey mum can beat up your soccer mum. 
I wouldn't touch the metric system with a 3.048m pole! 
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once. 
The gene pool could use a little chlorine. 
Life is a terminal condition.
Fear is no great respecter of reason.
When someone asks you, "A penny for your thoughts," and you put your two cents in, what happens to the other penny? 
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Why is abbreviation such a long word? 
If the shoe fits, you're not allowing for growth.
The sooner man begins to spend his wealth, the better he uses it.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
If you can’t convince them, confuse them.
Many know how to flatter; few know how to praise.
I got some new underwear yesterday. Well, it was new to me. 
Tempt not a desperate man.
If the speed of light is 186,000 miles/sec., what's the speed of darkness?
I live in California, and my watch is three hours fast, I can't fix it, so I'm moving to New York. 
Why do farts smell? So deaf people can enjoy them too.
As long as I can remember, I've had amnesia. 
Isn’t it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
If brute force doesn’t solve your problems, then you aren’t using enough.
Montana: At least our cows are sane! 
Always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much.
Is it true that cannibals won't eat clowns because they taste funny? 
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity.
He who would climb to the top must leave much behind.
Evolution is God’s way of issuing upgrades.
Gargling is a good way to see if your throat leaks. 
Extreme sorrow laughs; extreme joy weeps.
Do not follow, for I may not lead. Do not lead, for I may not follow. Just go over there somewhere, please? 
The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents.
I like my women like I like my coffee. Cold and bitter.
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy. 
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose. 
Any closet is a walk-in closet if you try hard enough. 
Tatoos are the common man's way of investing in art.
Say what you want about deaf people...
Justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed.
Facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly.
You cannot tame a tiger by pulling but one of his teeth.
There are only 10 types of people in the world: those that understand binary and those that don’t.
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot. 
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
My birth certificate was a letter of apology that my dad got from the condom company.
I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
Never get into a fight with an ugly person. He has nothing to lose.
Can we ever really know when our philosophy assignment is due? 
A hangover is the wrath of grapes. 
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
You have the right to remain silent, anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you. 
Drilling for oil is boring.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe. 
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much more for them.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it. 
When blondes have more fun, do they know it? 
The more you complain, the longer God makes you live. 
The sex was so good that even the neighbours had a cigarette. 
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the telly
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive. 
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good. 
Remember: First you pillage then you burn. 
Help Wanted: Telepath; you know where to apply. 
More men are sheep in wolves' clothing than the other way around.
There's no future in time travel. 
Originality is the art of concealing your sources. 
C://dos C://dos.run run.dos.run
Would you fly in an airliner designed and built by the lowest bidder?
Experience is a good teacher, but submits huge bills.
I have spent the afternoon re-arranging the furniture in Dracula’s house… I was doing a bit of Fang-Shui
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
My favorite part of a marathon is watching the reaction of runners who grab my plastic cup of vodka.
If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled? 
To hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing.
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name. 
I'm busier than a one-toothed man in a corn-on-the-cob eating contest. 
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
A good pun is its own reword. 
Beat the 5 o'clock rush, leave work at noon. 
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
Follow your dreams, except for that one where you're naked at work. 
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog. 
Songs unheard are sweeter far.
Bigamy: one wife too many. Monogamy: same thing 
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
CAPS LOCK – Preventing Login Since 1980.
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
There is no truth in the rumor that man is immortal.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why chance it? 
He is all fault who has no fault at all.
There is a time for everything. Mostly, the wrong time.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine. 
Good friends are like bottles of Sweet Wine……that’s why I keep mine locked in the cellar.
