In 1908, the first machine to make lollipops opened for business in New Haven, Connecticut
There was a time in Japan where a wife being left handed was a ground for divorce
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise
Great Britain was the first country to issue postage stamps in 1840
Q-Tip Cotton Swabs were originally called Baby Gays
The Taj Mahal, located in Agra, India, was actually built for use as a tomb by Mogul ruler Shah Jehan for his wife, Arjuman Banu Begum
A honey bee has four wings
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why
The life expectancy of a $100 bill is nine years
There is a species of bird, Antpitta avis canis Ridgley, that barks like a dog
The Crayola colour flesh was changed to peach in 1962 because of the fact that people have many different skin colours
The country of Andorra has a zero percent unemployment rate
A newborn kangaroo weighs approximately 0.03 ounces and is small enough to fit in a teaspoon
After being picked an orange cannot ripen
Princess Anne from the British royal family competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics
The little circles of paper that are cut out after a paper has been punched by a hole puncher are called "chad."
A bull can inseminate 300 cows from one single ejaculation.
Trees that are near street lights do not shed their leaves as fast as a tree that is in the country
Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves. That is the opposite of the norm
Robert Southey wrote the story "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" in 1834
Only 23% of New Zealand families have more than two children
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning “containing arsenic.”  
The largest pig on record was a Poland-China hog named Big Bill, who weighed 2,552 lbs
Influenza caused over twenty-one million deaths in 1918
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, much like humans use fingerprints
The eight most popular foods to cause food allergies are: milk, eggs, wheat, peanuts, soy, tree nuts, fish, and shellfish
In Canada, men are three times more likely than women to have seen a doctor in the last year
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
“I am.” is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
Owls swallow their prey whole because they have no teeth. After approximately 12 hours they cough up the feathers, bones, and fur in a shape of a football pellet
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily (I knew it!).
In Britain, The Red Lion is the most common name for a pub
Corned beef got its name because this beef was preserved with pellets of salt that were the size of corn kernels, which was also referred to as "corns" of salt
The male gypsy moth can “smell” the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away (pretty good trick).
The most recycled product in the world is the automobile.
The reason why flamingos are pink is because they eat shrimp which have a red pigment
Chili Powder was invented in the 19th century in the American Southwest
44% of kids watch television before they go to sleep
Chameleons can move their eyes independently. One eye can be looking forward and one eye backward at the same time
The iron disulfide (Pyrite) is considered "fool's gold" because it looks very similar to gold.
There are approximately 1300 species of scorpion but only 25 of them are deadly
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It To Beaver"
The only sound Seahorses make is a small clicking or popping sound during feeding or courtship
There are 10 million bacteria at the place where you rest your hands at a desk
Native Americans used to use pumpkin seeds for medicine
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
The reason the soft drink Dr Pepper is called that is because the inventor Wade Morrison named it after Dr. Charles Pepper who had given him his first job
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U.S. from Europe by Parker Brothers
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Deer can’t eat hay.
Teenage cosmetic surgeries nearly doubled in the USA between 1996 and 1998
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
Oral-B were the first toothbrushes to go to the moon when they were aboard the Apollo 11 mission
The length of a human esophagus is 25 centimeters
It’s impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
A language becomes extinct in this world every two weeks
Research has indicated that approximately eleven minutes are cut off the life of an average male smoker from each cigarette smoked
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
Some arthritis medications contain gold salts, which is used as an anti-inflammatory
The only South East Asian country that has never been colonized by a Western Power is Thailand
About 30% of Canadians rely on getting their water from the ground for their domestic use
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
The highest per capita Jell-O comsumption in the US is Des Moines.
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day
JELL-O was declared The "Official State Snack" of Utah in January 2001
John Van Wormer invented paper milk cartons after dropping a bottle of milk one morning. The bottle broke spilling the milk everywhere. That annoyance was enough for Van Wormer to come up with the idea.
Olives, which grow on trees, were first cultivated 5,000 years ago in Syria
Butterflies taste with their hind feet.
The human body has approximately 37,000 miles of capillaries
Male owls weigh less and are smaller than female owls
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
A blink lasts approximately 0.3 seconds
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the Summer Olympic games while hosting the event
The trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water
Cimeti?re du P?re Lachaise located in Paris is the most visited cemetery in the world. The cemetery opened in 1805 and has over one million people buried there, including rock star Jim Morrison
Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscar nominations with sixty-four
The average office document gets copied 19 times
Fried spiders taste like nuts
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off
A world record 328 pound ovarian cyst was removed from a woman in Galveston, Texas, in 1905. updated
A regulation baseball has exactly 108 stitches
The most overdue book in the world was borrowed from Sidney Sussex College in Cambridge, England and was returned 288 years later
The substance that gives red wine and dark beer its color is said to have a positive effects on cholesterol and blood pressure
Dumbest Dog: Afghan hound
Platypuses mate in the water
One acre of wheat can produce enough bread to feed a family of four people for about ten years
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark
In Denmark, people eat about 36 pounds of candy a year. The highest consumption of candy of any country
It would take 29 million years for a car travelling 100 miles per hour to reach the nearest star
The driest place on earth is Calama, in the Atacama Desert in Chile
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born
To make one pound of whole milk cheese, 10 pounds of whole milk is needed
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category
Throughout the South, peanuts were known as "Monkey Nuts," and "Goober peas," before the civil war
Turkeys have a wingspan of approximately 4.5 feet
