I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.  (Clarence Darrow)
To be independent of public opinion is the first formal condition of achieving anything great.  (G. W. F. Hegel)
To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.  (Aldous Huxley)
Science has done more for the development of western civilization in one hundred years than Christianity did in eighteen hundred years.  (Jeff Burroughs)
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.  (Goethe (1749-1832))
When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.  (C. S. Lewis)
Love... if you don't have it, no matter what else you may have, it's not enough.  (Ann Lander)
Learning without thinking is labor lost; thinking without learning is perilous.  ( Confucius)
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, and scratch where it itches.  (the Duchess of Windsor, when asked what is the secret of a long and happy life)
If it's stupid but it works, it isn't stupid. 
Long-range goals keep you from being frustrated by short-term failures.  (James Cash Penney)
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.  (English proverb)
We are what we imagine. Our very existence consists in our imagination of ourselves. The greatest tragedy that can befall us is to go unimagined.  (N. Scott Momaday)
Life's not about waiting for the storms to pass... it's about learning to dance in the rain.  (B.J. Gallagher)
Being defeated is often only a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.  (Marilyn vos Savan)
Oh the comfort, the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words, but pouring them all right out, just as they are - chaff and grain together - certain that a faithful hand will take and sift them, keep what is worth keeping, and with the breath of kindness blow the rest away.  ( Dinah Craik)
Imagine a room awash in gasoline, and there are two implacable enemies in that room. One of them has nine thousand matches, the other seven thousand matches. Each of them is concerned about who's ahead, who's stronger.  (Carl Sagan describing the Nuclear arms race (1983))
Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.  (Shari R. Barr)
Don't try to teach a pig to sing, it can't be done and it only ticks off the pig.  (Robert Heinlein)
Realize that now, in this moment of time, you are creating. You are creating your next moment based on what you are feeling and thinking. That is what's real.  (Doc Childre)
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.  ( Margaret Laurence)
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.  (Woody Allen.)
I was raised in the Jewish tradition, taught never to marry a Gentile woman, shave on a Saturday night and, most especially, never to shave a Gentile woman on a Saturday night.  (Woody Allen.)
If you're the smartest one in the room, you're in the wrong room.  (Richard Tirendi)
Sometimes your only available transportation is a leap of faith.   (Margaret Shepherd)
Pudder's Law: Anything that begins well will end badly. (Note:The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)
I believe each individual is naturally entitled to do as he pleases with himself and the fruits of his labor, so far as it in no way interferes with any other man's rights.  ( Abraham Lincoln)
The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before. That's the deal.  (C.S. Lewis)
Ever notice that anyone going slower than you is an idiot, but anyone going faster is a maniac?  (George Carlin)
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.  (Mohandas Gandhi)
The trouble about man is twofold.  He cannot learn truths which are too complicated; he forgets truths which are too simple.  (Dame Rebecca West)
Meskimen's Law: There's never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?  (Steven Wright)
Spiritual maturity is a lifelong process of replacing lies with truth.  (Kurt Bruner)
If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have in your hands is a non-working cat.  (Douglas Adams)
Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them.  (Marcus Aurelius)
The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible.  (George Burns.)
We need either less corruption or more chance to participate in it.
Finagle's Rules:   1. To study an application best, understand it thoroughly before you start.   2. Always keep a record of data. It indicates you've been working.   3. Always draw your curves, then plot the reading.   4. In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.   5. Program results should always be reproducible. They should all fail in the same way.   6. Do not believe in miracles. Rely on them.
When I die, What will the Universe revolve around?  (Charlie Chirico)
This planet can be made a happier, more peaceful place to live, but the change will have to come from within the hearts of all of us living here.  (Wisdom from Science of Identity Foundation)
We do not believe that in this country, freedom is reserved for the lucky, or happiness for the few.  (President Obama (Jan. 21, 2013))
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.  (Andrew Carnegie)
It is good to dream, but it is better to dream and work. Faith is mighty, but action with faith is mightier. Desiring is helpful, but work and desire are invincible.  (Thomas Robert Gaines)
I'm bored' is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you've seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you're alive is amazing, so you don't get to say I'm bored.  (Louis C.K.)
Speaking with kindness creates confidence, thinking with kindness creates profoundness, giving with kindness creates love.  (Lao Tseu)
That you may retain your self-respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.  (William J. H. Boetcker)
Stocks have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau.  (Irving Fisher, Professor of Economics, Yale University, 1929.)
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education he may steal the whole railroad.  (Theodore Roosevelt 1858-1919 American president)
If my decomposing carcass helps nourish the roots of a juniper tree or the wings of a vulture-that is immortality enough for me. And as much as anyone deserves. (E.Abbey)
